Network Marketing Control System

This desktop application is mock database. It stores information about distributors, products and sales made by distributor. 
Application also has a feature to calculate bonus based on sales of a distributor. (Bonus would be 10% of sales made by distributor)

At this moment some features might not be available. It is necesarry to run program from main file.
App starts with main page which has 4 button that open windows:

Distributor window:

    Here is a list of distributors stored in program. In a table you see the information about distributor.
    To add distributor you need to press "new distributor" button. At this moment it is crucial to input proper information to create new distributor.
    You must press the refresh button after initializing a new distributor.
    unic code for distributor is generated automaticaly  

Products page:

    In this window you see all the products that is stored for this moment. 
    You can add new product with "New Product" button. Unic code for product is NOT generated automaticaly so it must be entered manually.
    After creating new product you can press refresh button to see updated table. (pressing refreshg button prematurely will cause an error)

Sales page:

    In the table here you can see all the sales made by distributors.
    To add new sale a person must enter correct distributor code and product code, otherwise There will be an error.
    You must press the refresh button after initializing a new sale.

Bonus page:

    To calculate bonus for distributor in a given timeperiod dates must be entered in the following format "%Y-%M-%D" (e.g. "2017-01-25").
    Also Distributor code should be valid.
    After entering information user must press Calculate bonus button and bonus of the distributor will be displayed on the screen.



# Additional information

This was my first project. Due to a lack of experience, time, and knowledge, the product may not meet high quality standards. 
Working on this project was enjoyable and gave me insights into the process of developing desktop applications.
This version is what I was able to produce within the deadline.

Special thanks to my lecturers Mikheil and Tornike.
I would also like to extend my thanks to TBC Academy for organizing this course.





